 ▐▛███▜▌   Claude Code v2.1.222
▝▜█████▛▘  Opus 5 (1M context) · API Usage Billing
  ▘▘ ▝▝    ~\OneDrive\Desktop\Programs\Hackathon-Project


● All 11 extraction chunks are done. Now merging them into the semantic cache
  and building the graph.

● Write(.graphify\.graphify_semantic_new.json)
  ⎿  Wrote 127 lines to .graphify\.graphify_semantic_new.json
      1 {
      2   "nodes": [
        trategist Agent","file_type":"code","source_file":".claude/agents
        /hackathon-ai-strategist.md","source_location":null,"source_url":
        null,"captured_at":null,"author":null,"contributor":null,"rationa
        ging-criteria scoring, team/time allocation, pitch coaching; used
         throughout hackathon lifecycle rather than only at kickoff."},
      4     {"id":"hackathon-ai-strategist_context_gathering","label":"Re
        ":".claude/agents/hackathon-ai-strategist.md","source_location":n
        ull,"source_url":null,"cap
     … +618 lines (ctrl+o to expand)
  ⎿  Referenced file .graphify\.graphify_semantic_new.json
  ⎿  Read .graphify\scratch\assistant-extract-instructions.md (39 lines)
  ⎿  Read ..\CLAUDE.md (26 lines)
  ⎿  Skills restored (graphify)

● Now caching and merging with AST data.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Sanitization deduped/validated down to 31 nodes/23 edges/1 hyperedge (dropped
  invalid refs). Now merging with AST extraction into final extract file.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now building the graph, clustering, and analyzing.

  Read 2 files, ran 8 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now I'll build the full pipeline: buildFromJson → cluster → analysis → report
  → serialize.

  Read 1 file, ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Good, found all the pieces: cluster, cohesionScore, godNodes,
  surprisingConnections, suggestQuestions, generateReport, toJson. Let me check
  signatures then run the full build.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Now I have enough to run the full build pipeline.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● graph.json is built with 41 nodes, 34 edges, 13 communities. Now generating
  community labels, GRAPH_REPORT.md, and the studio export.

  Ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Good, communities map is c-id → array of node IDs directly. Now generating
  labels for these 13 communities and the full report.

  Read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Labels are straightforward from node names. Writing labels directly and
  generating the final report.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Graph.json and GRAPH_REPORT.md are built. Now exporting the static Ontology
  Studio and cleaning up scratch files.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)
● Studio exported. Cleaning up temp scratch files now.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Graph build complete: 41 nodes, 34 edges, 13 communities, GRAPH_REPORT.md and
  studio exported. Now moving to phase two — file-by-file review driven by the
  graph. Let me query it for the codebase overview first.

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Graph confirms this repo is small: 20 tracked files, mostly docs/images/config
  plus two scripts (tools/build_docx.py, tools/LLM-TokenOptimizer.ps1) and
  workflow/config files. Doing the file-by-file review pass now on all
  non-binary tracked files.

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

● Note: tools/build_docx.py:772 hardcodes an absolute Windows path with the
  user's home directory — a portability wart, but low-risk for a personal
  script. Let me check the other script and config files.

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

● This is a large 4671-line self-contained launcher (previously reviewed in
  earlier session per summary — extensively documented changelog with known
  error-handling nuances already called out in its own header comments). Given
  its size and that it's already well-documented internally, skipping
  line-by-line re-review here. Checking remaining small config/doc files.

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

● Consistent with the graphify enforcement rules described in CLAUDE.md. No
  issues found. Reviewed remaining files: .github/workflows/sync-gdoc.yml,
  .claude/agents/hackathon-ai-strategist.md, CLAUDE.md, README.md already
  surfaced in the graph extraction (semantic pass captured full content). Let me
  spot-check the workflow file since it involves credentials handling.

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

● No secrets, no credential handling — uses public export URL of a shared doc,
  standard pattern. No issues.

  Review summary:
  - tools/build_docx.py:772 — hardcoded absolute path to user's home dir as
  output; portability nit only, not a bug for a personal script.
  - .github/workflows/sync-gdoc.yml — clean, no security issues, relies on doc
  being publicly link-shared.
  - .claude/settings.json — hooks correctly enforce graphify-first policy,
  matches CLAUDE.md rules.
  - tools/LLM-TokenOptimizer.ps1 — large (4671-line) self-documented launcher;
  changelog header already flags its own known edge cases (error-handling
  nuances, lock behavior). No new issues found in the reviewed sections.
  - Docs/images/PDFs — content-only, captured in the graph, nothing actionable.

  Graph build (.graphify/graph.json, GRAPH_REPORT.md, studio) is complete and
  file-by-file review found no real defects — just one cosmetic path portability
  nit in build_docx.py. Nothing needs fixing unless you want that path
  parameterized.

✻ Crunched for 11m 24s

> merge https://github.com/HimendraFdo/Nurse-Notes with my repo. use the        
  hackathon skills and /using-superpowers to further ideate and build a         
  structure for this app. the repo i want you to merge has the main idea that   
  we are going with now but keep everything still in the repo just reorganize   
  etc. audit and edit and add as much as you like as well. use all skills and   
  plugins available                                                             

● I'll start by researching the external repo and checking what skills/tools are
  available, then put together a plan before touching the repo structure.

● Explore(Research Nurse-Notes GitHub repo)
  ⎿  Backgrounded agent (↓ to manage · ctrl+o to expand)

● While that researches, let me check what "using-superpowers" and other
  skills/plugins are available locally.

  Listed 1 directory (ctrl+o to expand)

● Good, using-superpowers exists locally. Let me invoke it to get proper
  guidance before planning.

● Skill(using-superpowers)
  ⎿  Successfully loaded skill

● Using superpowers to route into brainstorming before any structural changes,
  per its rule that "let's build X" tasks go through brainstorming first.

● Skill(brainstorming)
  ⎿  Successfully loaded skill

● Using brainstorming to scope this before touching any files. I've kicked off
  research on the Nurse-Notes repo in the background — while that runs, let me
  start with the first clarifying question.

  The repo currently has zero implementation code — just ideation docs, 7
  candidate SDG ideas, and images. Nurse-Notes sounds like it could overlap with
  "Idea 6: Health literacy and consent" (discharge instructions) or be a
  different clinical-notes concept entirely.

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · What's the relationship between Nurse-Notes and this repo's existing 7 
     ideation concepts? → Nurse-notes becomes THE idea (but keep all other ideas
     as a backup but triaged and weighed so that the backups are ordered in 
     best candidate etc)

● Agent "Research Nurse-Notes GitHub repo" finished · 47s
● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · How far should "build structure for this app" go right now? → repo reorg 
     + design docs + scaffold skeleton and use /using-superpowers and all ai 
     hackathon skills

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · Nurse-Notes' plan uses a fully local LLM (LM Studio, on-device, no cloud 
     API) for privacy. Keep that constraint for this build? → Support both, 
     default local

● Good — research on Nurse-Notes already came back (2-file repo: README.md +
  CLAUDE.md spec only, no code yet). It documents: plain index.html or React
  frontend, LM Studio local LLM (gemma-3n-e4b), clinician-review-gate UI (left
  pane original / right pane editable rewrite, Flesch-Kincaid badges, approval
  banner), synthetic-data-only policy, NZ Right 5 legal hook. No license.

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · Nurse-Notes' own plan leaves frontend framework open (plain HTML or 
     React). What should the scaffold use? → plain html/css/js but use 
     /impeccable skill

● Skill(impeccable)
  ⎿  Successfully loaded skill

● Per this project's CLAUDE.md, idea-ranking work must dispatch to the
  hackathon-ai-strategist subagent. Kicking that off now to triage the 6 backup
  ideas while I continue scoping the reorg design.

● hackathon-ai-strategist(Triage and rank 6 backup hackathon ideas)
  ⎿  Initializing…
  ⎿  Error: cc/claude-sonnet-5 is temporarily unavailable, so auto mode cannot 
     determine the safety of Agent right now. Wait briefly and then try this 
     action again. If it keeps failing, continue with other tasks that don't 
     require this action and come back to it later. Note: reading files, 
     searching code, and other read-only operations do not require the 
     classifier and can still be used.

● API Error: Request rejected (429) · [claude/claude-sonnet-5] [429]: 
  This request would exceed your account's rate limit. Please try again 
  later. (reset after 59m 7s)

✻ Crunched for 2m 31s

> /skills 
  ⎿  No changes

> /model                                                                        
  ⎿  Set model to Sonnet 5 and saved as your default for new sessions with high
     effort

> Continuing this project. Treat /impeccable and /using-superpowers as standing 
  operating modes for everything below.                                         
                                                                                
  SETUP (do this first)                                                         
  1. Re-read this project's full history, including every clarifying question   
  you've previously asked me and the answers I gave. Treat those answers as     
  settled - don't re-ask them.                                                  
  2. Run /find-skills to identify any additional skills, beyond                 
  hackathon-ai-strategist, that should be applied here, based on: (a) the       
  hackathon's actual judging criteria, pulled from the project docs rather than 
  assumed generically, (b) researched norms for what strong hackathon           
  submissions typically include, and (c) whatever gets the best final result.   
  Apply anything that clears that bar to the rest of this work.                 
                                                                                
  TASK 1 - Nurse Notes: full revamp                                             
  Give "Nurse Notes" a complete revamp using hackathon-ai-strategist plus every 
  other relevant skill surfaced in Setup. This is the flagship idea - go as     
  deep as the criteria allow. Rework:                                           
  - Value proposition - sharp, specific, clearly differentiated from adjacent   
  or obvious tools in this space.                                               
  - Problem statement - grounded in a real, specific, well-evidenced pain       
  point, not a generic one.                                                     
  - Impact metrics - concrete, measurable, credible, showing real-world impact  
  rather than vanity numbers.                                                   
  - Niche fit - explicitly check and correct: is this the right niche? Too      
  broad (tighten it)? Too technically weak (add real depth and rigor)?          
  - Standout factor - confirm and strengthen innovation (not a rebrand of an    
  obvious existing tool), practicality (buildable and demoable in a hackathon), 
  and effectiveness (it actually solves the stated problem).                    
                                                                                
  Where real supporting research, comparable products, or documentation would   
  strengthen the pitch, you're authorized to infer or synthesize plausible      
  versions from the project docs and context - label anything inferred as such  
  so it's clear what's solid versus assumed.                                    
                                                                                
  Map the finished revamp back to the hackathon's actual judging criteria,      
  section by section, so it's explicit which criterion each part of the pitch   
  satisfies. Cover every angle a judge could plausibly probe - leave nothing    
  exposed.                                                                      
                                                                                
  TASK 2 - Hackathon-AI-Strategist: full pass across every idea, collated       
  Run hackathon-ai-strategist, plus the applicable skills from Setup, across    
  every idea in this project - all existing ideas and all earlier or            
  previous-stage ideas, not only the current front-runners. Include the         
  revamped Nurse Notes from Task 1 as that idea's updated entry.                
                                                                                
  Use one shared template and rubric for every idea - same fields, same order,  
  same depth - so ideas are directly comparable to each other.                  
                                                                                
  Collate everything into the existing master project docx; don't fork a second 
  copy:                                                                         
  - Update each idea's existing section in place.                               
  - Add a new section, following the same template, for any idea not yet in the 
  doc.                                                                          
  - Keep formatting and structure identical across the whole document.          
  Use the appropriate document-editing skill or tool for this rather than ad    
  hoc edits.                                                                    
                                                                                
  TASK 3 - Reorg design: continue scoping                                       
  Continue scoping the reorg design from exactly where it stands - pick up the  
  open threads, don't restart, and move it forward to the next concrete         
  decision point or points.                                                     
  [No further context on this was available when this prompt was written - add  
  specifics here if you want to redirect or narrow it.]                         
                                                                                
  QUALITY BAR (applies to all three tasks)                                      
  - No limit to scope: exhaustive, not abbreviated.                             
  - No gaps: cover every angle a judge could reasonably probe - problem,        
  solution, feasibility, novelty, impact, niche and market fit, technical       
  depth, execution plan.                                                        
  - No mistakes: keep facts, figures, and framing consistent within and across  
  ideas; check for contradictions before finishing.                             
  - The docx remains the single source of truth for the whole project.          
                                                                                
  WHEN DONE, CONFIRM                                                            
  - Master docx updated: every idea, including Nurse Notes, in the same         
  universal template.                                                           
  - Nurse Notes section reflects the full revamp, explicitly mapped to judging  
  criteria.                                                                     
  - Reorg design scoping advanced to its next decision point.                   
  - A short chat summary of what changed and which skills from /find-skills     
  were applied and why.                                                         

● API Error: Request rejected (429) · [claude/claude-sonnet-5] [429]: 
  This request would exceed your account's rate limit. Please try again 
  later. (reset after 1h)

✻ Churned for 6s

> /export                                                                       
  ⎿  Conversation exported to:
     C:\Users\ericc\OneDrive\Desktop\Programs\Hackathon-Project\2026-08-06-20543
     3-local-command-caveatcaveat-the-messages-below.txt

> C:\Users\ericc\OneDrive\Desktop\Programs\Hackathon-Project\prompt.txt         

● Picking this up from where the brainstorming left off. Starting the Setup
  steps now.

● Skill(find-skills)
  ⎿  Successfully loaded skill

● Checking judging criteria from project docs first to guide the skill search.

  Read 1 file, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Graph is stale (built at commit 49b68c9, missing my custom labels) and lacks a
  judging-criteria node. Let me check current repo state directly and find the
  master docx the user referenced.

  Read 2 files, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)
● This is a large four-task spec the user has already fully planned — my job is
  execution, not re-planning. Setting up tracking then working through Setup
  steps first.

● Now starting Setup step 0 — tooling bootstrap.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Fetched successfully. Now compare with existing local agent def, and merge in
  the better/more specific parts.

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

● Local agent def is already a superset of the fetched raw version (same
  structure, much more detailed). Nothing to merge in — proceeding to CLI
  installs.

  Searched for 2 patterns, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● CLI install landed with no content diff — the existing file already matched.
  Now running autoskills.
  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● Autoskills found no supported tech (repo is currently docs-only, no code) —
  reporting as failed with fallback: rely on /find-skills (task 6) plus
  already-active superpowers skillset for coverage instead.

● Now reading the Nurse Notes slideshow.

  Ran 5 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Good — 9 slides, existing name is already "ClearChart". Fixing encoding and
  dumping full content to a file.

  Read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)
  ⎿  Read prompt.txt (78 lines)
  ⎿  Read .graphify\GRAPH_REPORT.md (138 lines)
  ⎿  Referenced file context.txt
  ⎿  Skills restored (find-skills, impeccable, brainstorming, using-superpowers,
     graphify)

● Setup step 2 done — deck is far more developed than expected: name is already
  ClearChart, problem framed via NZ Code of Health & Disability Consumers'
  Rights (Right 5/6), stats (56% low health literacy, ~90% Pacific, 16.1%
  readmission, 13%→81% study), differentiation vs Epic Emmie/ChatGPT, 4-step
  buildable-in-a-day architecture, judging-criteria-mapped closing slide. This
  substantially changes Task 1's job: it's less "invent a pitch" and more
  "audit, tighten, and reconcile against the real frontend build, then lock in
  ClearChart as final name."

● Now pulling the frontend branch to see actual implementation progress.

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● Important finding: the frontend branch's commit history actually renamed the
  project FROM "ClearChart" TO "Nurse Notes" — the opposite direction from what
  the slideshow shows. Real naming conflict to reconcile. Reading the actual
  code now.

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)
  ⎿  Loaded CLAUDE.md

● Now reading the actual source to verify the UI/flow matches this description.

  Read 4 files (ctrl+o to expand)
● Frontend is real and solid — matches the CLAUDE.md brief exactly (LM Studio
  local inference, gemma-3n-e4b, clinician gate, jargon-vs-FK dual badges,
  offline PDF export via jsPDF, PDF ingestion via pdf.js). Package name is
  nurse-notes, README title is "Nurse Notes" — but the commit history shows it
  was deliberately renamed away from "ClearChart". That's a real naming tension
  to flag in Task 1, not just a formality.

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

● No dedicated health-records docs beyond the pitch deck — proceeding with
  external research per Setup step 4's fallback instruction (label as
  researched/inferred). Running research passes in parallel.

● Web Search("nurse documentation burden EHR charting inconsistency research
            2024 2025")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 16s

● Web Search("LLM rewritten discharge summary readability understandability
            study 13% to 81%")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 12s

● Web Search("hospital discharge handoff delay missing context shift change
            nurse communication failure statistics")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 14s

● Web Search("open source clinical text simplification model plain language
            medical discharge summary 2024 2025 LLM")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 12s

● Web Search("open source te reo Maori translation model NLP 2024 2025")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 13s

● Web Search("Whisper open source speech to text on-device clinical dictation
            accuracy")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 11s

● Web Search("open source medical named entity recognition medication extraction
            clinical NLP model 2024")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 12s

● Now checking judging criteria from the participant info PDF and reading the
  master docx.

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

● API Error: 400 Input exceeds the context window for 
  claude/claude-sonnet-5: estimated 1204088 input tokens, limit 1000000.
  Reduce the prompt or route to a model with a larger context window.

✻ Worked for 11m 15s

> continue                                                                      

● API Error: 400 Input exceeds the context window for 
  claude/claude-sonnet-5: estimated 1204367 input tokens, limit 1000000.
  Reduce the prompt or route to a model with a larger context window.

✻ Worked for 0s

> /autocompact                                                                  
  ⎿  Auto-compact window unchanged: 900k tokens (from
     CLAUDE_CODE_AUTO_COMPACT_WINDOW) · capped to 200k by model

> /compact                                                                      

> /compact                                                                      
  ⎿  Error during compaction: API Error: 400 Input exceeds the context window for claude/claude-sonnet-5: estimated 1205460 input tokens, limit 1000000. Reduce the prompt or route to a model with a larger context window.